The Bible describes God as the hero of prayer.
He can even hear your silent prayers.
How is that possible?
The hero of prayer is also the creator of all life.
He understands how the human mind works.
He designed it so he can read the thoughts of your mind
and hear your silent prayers.
Jehovah God is interested in you.
No matter where you live.
Whenever language you speak, he understands it.
But does he accept and listen to all prayers?
Imagine a manager who sees an employee stealing.
The manager confronts him.
But the employee first lies about his stealing
and then tries to justify his actions.
Although the manager hears the employee's lies and excuses,
he refuses to accept them.
Similarly, God does not accept all prayers.
For example, what if a person's prayer is selfish?
What if a man mistreats his wife at home
and the next day he asks for God's blessings?
What if soldiers pray to God for help to destroy their enemy
while the opposing army prays for the same thing?
Will God accept such prayers?
Clearly, God is not pleased with prayers
that conflict with his moral principles.
On the other hand, God eagerly accepts your prayers.
Even if you have done bad things,
if you sincerely want to draw close to him
and seek his wisdom and forgiveness,
being heard by God is indeed possible
for those who strive to please him.